# Mobile-Architect-Programming
Mobile application development

I chose to develop the Inventory App for this milestone. This app's overall purpose is to track inventory in a warehouse. To accomplish this goal, the app, at minimum, will need to contain A database with at least two tables, one to store item inventory information and the other to store user credential information. A screen for logging into the app with an option to create an account for new users. A screen that displays all inventory items in a grid layout. A mechanism by which a user can add or remove items from inventory. A mechanism by which a user can increase or decrease the number of items in stock. A mechanism by which the application will notify a user when the inventory quantity of an item reaches zero. Button widgets, text widgets, selection widgets, and image view widgets are all viable components to achieve desired app functionality. I used one of the android studio emulators to test my codes functionality for this project. It was a great help to be able to code and test directly from the same IDE, rather than download to a physical device or server. Testing applications is extreamly important to ensure correct functionality before launch. I think I had to innovate throughout the entire project. As usual, ZyBooks did a decent job of outlining some coding principles and commands, but did not include near enough information for someone to build an entire mobile application. I think we would have been better off taking an 8 week crash course in android studio. 
